[MRG] BUG: Update `gid_ranges` after using `clear_drives` (#812)
jonescompneurolab/hnn-core: doc/whats_new.rst

- Fix drive seeding so that event times are unique across multiple trials,
  by `Nick Tolley`_ in :gh:`810`.

> - Fix bug in :func:`~hnn_core/network/clear_drives` where gid_ranges are not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix bug in :func:`~hnn_core/network/clear_drives` where network object are not
```
